README.md, before:

# nom-dot-com

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT_License-blue.svg)](https://mit-license.org/)

## Description

My objective of this solo project was to create a react app to continue practicing my React skills, after finsihing my coding bootcamp course through UW.

Nom Dot Com, is a recipe app, which allows users to save, edit, and search for recipes.

This current deployment is my MVP, but there is plenty more I will be continuing to add!

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

N/A

## Usage

Below are links to the deployed web application and the repository on GitHub:

- https://nomdotcom.herokuapp.com/
- https://github.com/markerpathis/nom-dot-com

Below is a series of screenshots of the deployed application on various pages.

1.  Home Page
    ![alt text](/assets/nomdotcom-home.png)

2.  Recipe List
    ![alt text](/assets/nomdotcom-recipelist.png)

3.  Viewing a Recipe
    ![alt text](/assets/nomdotcom-recipeview.png)

4.  Editing a Recipe
    ![alt text](/assets/nomdotcom-recipeedit.png)

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT License. The license badge at the top of this README includes a link to the description of the license.

## Contributing

Favicon:
https://icon-icons.com/icon/cooking/16081

Logo:
https://www.canva.com/

## Tests

N/A

## Questions

If you have any questions about this project, please reach out via email. <br />
Email: parkerjmathis@gmail.com
<br />
GitHub: (https://github.com/markerpathis)

Commit message:

Added technologies used to README

README.md, after:

# nom-dot-com

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT_License-blue.svg)](https://mit-license.org/)

## Description

My objective of this solo project was to create a react app to continue practicing my React skills, after finsihing my coding bootcamp course through UW.

Nom Dot Com, is a recipe app, which allows users to save, edit, and search for recipes.

This current deployment is my MVP, but there is plenty more I will be continuing to add!

## Table of Contents

- [Technology Used](#technology-used)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Technology Used

- JavaScript
- React
- Express
- Mongoose
- Bootstrap
- bcrypt
- Jsonwebtoken
- Axios

## Usage

Below are links to the deployed web application (using Heroku) and the repository on GitHub:

- https://nomdotcom.herokuapp.com/
- https://github.com/markerpathis/nom-dot-com

Below is a series of screenshots of the deployed application on various pages.

1.  Home Page
    ![alt text](/assets/nomdotcom-home.png)

2.  Recipe List
    ![alt text](/assets/nomdotcom-recipelist.png)

3.  Viewing a Recipe
    ![alt text](/assets/nomdotcom-recipeview.png)

4.  Editing a Recipe
    ![alt text](/assets/nomdotcom-recipeedit.png)

## License

This project is licensed under the terms of the MIT License. The license badge at the top of this README includes a link to the description of the license.

## Contributing

Favicon:
https://icon-icons.com/icon/cooking/16081

Logo:
https://www.canva.com/

## Tests

N/A

## Questions

If you have any questions about this project, please reach out via email. <br />
Email: parkerjmathis@gmail.com
<br />
GitHub: (https://github.com/markerpathis)
